---
layout: post
title: TODO
date: 2019-08-19 22:44:24 +0800
categories: tech
---

<head> 
    <script defer src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/all.js"></script> 
    <script defer src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/v4-shims.js"></script> 
</head> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/css/all.css">

<script type="text/javascript" async
  src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML">
</script>

## Idea Incubator
* Main issues about secure computing are it's high communicating overloads, how to decrease this in general?

* Authorized PSI techinique? **Each element in the client set must be authorized for sharing by some recoginzed**

* Privacy computation on sets? Like 
	* set union computation
	* set intersection computation, as the same as $$A\B$$ computation **This is very much different with intersection**

* Multiparty computation on PSI

* Feasible attacking method on current PSI problem

* Privately computing set operations
	* Privately computing set union cardinality
	* Privately computing set intersection cardinality combing with general two number add using simple homomorphic encryption
		* <span style="color: red">Using OPRF protocl and bloom filter, then firstly get a permuation of $$BF_A$$, then bitwise OR of $$BF_B \: and \: BF_A$$,finally get set union cardinality.</span>
	* Using bloom filter and 

## TODO

* Find the external disk and backup all the photos <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Photos data cleansing: remove all the aae data，check if there exists duplicate photo <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Acts subtitle translating job  <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Yoyo's emoji lists... <i class="fas fa-times" style="color:#c7254e"></i>

* Find markdown check, wrong icon <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>
	* fontawesome
	* google rgb color panel

* Begin to write techinical blogs for future paper publication <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Thorougly get to know markdown tutorial <i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Pdf contents searching technique **PDF Viewer Studio 2019 on my Mac**<i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Find an ocr tool running on mac [OCR link]<i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* How to category those posts? maybe not necessary in original design...<i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Thoroughly knowledge about using wildcards
	* Star wildcard(\*): arbitrary character with arbitrary length
	* question wildcard(?): one single arbitrary character
	* a pair of square brackets([a-f],[xyz]): represents a range or one of them

* Explore ZeroNet crypto technique

* The password management project

* This Latex symbol convertion in my own blog [math_latex] [math_latex link]<i class="fas fa-check" style="color:#30fc03"></i>

* Why not check writting poems? TODO

* Test how to use my ipv6, and get to know all the theories about that TODO

* How to speed up resource sharing? TODO

* Use scripts to test different proxy server connection status? TODO

* How to cancel the sublime pop-up window?TODO

* What to do on school bus?
	* Reading Native English novels to help GRE or TOFEL Reading.
	* do my best trying no matter what.

* How to set the iphone enviroment for academic research?TODO
	* Mathematical skill developing app,spending leisure time in school bus.
	* 

[math_latex link]: https://oeis.org/wiki/List_of_LaTeX_mathematical_symbols

[OCR link]: https://www.onlineocr.net/

